tell us now in ireland or clear ubeda if this level
in Spain his successes and in the desa métairie
soon here in Peru
nani to the sun in Lima or take a tour of Peru
since the more or less the plan to be well damaged on Wednesday
the judge presents the nightclub and although in ravine
you will have in your entrance of square see and vivanda on Friday, December 8 is
in that 3% in the ue palm was collected
he knows if it is not for a boludez pierce returned and welcome black year for
occupy arequipa the new parking is already good
the letters amin is the team
and on Saturday numerous records recorded kaieda in would receive here the year
new with the people of Arequipa
if so, that deck of luggage seems to me for debt
and in the Arequipa concert that since it's a bit bigger
vázquez present his point three artists maybe
we are afraid is the guest artist main axis
percent are watching to get national but
because although also without help
in the catania 1
a relatively relatively long temple and that is presenting us a lot
clear because he got into the subject of acting
fact found in Spain is low of some
It's like saying, no, no, you can not, but you left your singing career
to get into acting
but now it is resumed travesti I came here but when making his new album that
vida laredo tx without you your new single
and in what affect us about different Chávez nations and out there
will incite our country
clear how we are going to recope able to support the money and
the weekend offers mórtola
And also the new law recognize and decide what price they had
for channel of liquid assets relief sauber equipment as they count
What else do they have for you?
for all December for the end of the year for hobby for summer
look for and you see I have help
for January missionaries I am arming ap in January-February carrier I have it
confirmed still if it intends to be a tribute affirmed the artist
the economists hours from the first to the asad
and it was that it generated
and the team
the stability of an idea of ​​the current
and challenges suddenly in the month of April
some g almost ad the pioneer to the challenge tom and semir netjoven I invite you the young man and
sowing civil discoteque
in barracks you enter your entrance square see and vivanda
and on Friday the 8th will be in the scepter esparcimiento universia ricardo palma
you are and 9 the neckline with juanlu in his boy
from there to béjar new year in the cafe
at the party and then I participated in arequipa
the street camaná
The city is also located in Arequipa
shao cool money of that deathly so I'll wait for you
and at the national level